And 13 that is really really come on is that you are selling products as a bundle of New Right here.
I mean when I close tabs I hear so for example it's clear that bundle.
And when I click on our products and that's create a bond with these were these companies and the guys
at the top that way.
Come get.
Guys.
Something like that will work.
So fiscally a little bit.
You can see we can produce data and we're going to change this to group problem.
So this is going to send the programs a bundle.
Then you can click on Dink products and you can select brokes so that when they come get become it's
going to be that way.
Also and this is going to be the and guy that we have added in the previous media.
So it does show you are what printing they we're selling these three products into one.
So let's add some description maybe.
Right here we're going up
bundle includes They get all went and did PDAF guys for September or something like that.
And of course you can create the problem as match or anything so other than either one of these and
why don't I take these when and of course you can create the reality you can have one of these stairwells
and you can either Also PBF guide and match up two images.
And there's one and you can see that there is no doubt to the price of Commerce is going to take the
price for it broke and is going to make it assume we're gonna pay that price.
So you can on to be broke.
And you can see when you open these you can thought Well applause applause.
Right.
And you can see that we have the price is right here and you can select wine that you can select the
options.
If you remember we have these variations added but this way you can create a bundle.
There are some really powerful blowguns in commerce.
For example if you want to sell these bundled maybe you want to allow the user to save $5 or something.
There are a lot of blow ins we do that one Chanology into the Bondel by the default commercial doesn't
allow you to either discount right here but hopefully soon they add that functionality.